It must be five o'clock somewhere.
Patricia loves the sound of nails strongly pressed against the chalkboard.
People generally approve of dogs eating cat food but not cats eating dog food.
He found the chocolate covered roaches quite tasty.
We have a lot of rain in June.
He dreamed of leaving his law firm to open a portable dog wash.
I'm confused: when people ask me what's up, and I point, they groan.
It's not possible to convince a monkey to give you a banana by promising it infinite bananas when they die.
The clock within this blog and the clock on my laptop are 1 hour different from each other.
She insisted that cleaning out your closet was the key to good driving.
Check back tomorrow; I will see if the book has arrived.
The family’s excitement over going to Disneyland was crazier than she anticipated.
Toddlers feeding raccoons surprised even the seasoned park ranger.
She saw the brake lights, but not in time.
When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand and I still remember it quite vividly.
I'd always thought lightning was something only I could see.
This book is sure to liquefy your brain.
I just wanted to tell you I could see the love you have for your child by the way you look at her.
He had unknowingly taken up sleepwalking as a nighttime hobby.
Karen believed all traffic laws should be obeyed by all except herself.
All you need to do is pick up the pen and begin.
He was the only member of the club who didn't like plum pudding.
You're unsure whether or not to trust him, but very thankful that you wore a turtle neck.
Today is the day I'll finally know what brick tastes like.
He ran out of money, so he had to stop playing poker.
Seek success, but always be prepared for random cats.
I hear that Nancy is very pretty.
Patricia found the meaning of life in a bowl of Cheerios.
I am happy to take your donation; any amount will be greatly appreciated.
The sunblock was handed to the girl before practice, but the burned skin was proof she did not apply it.
Sometimes I stare at a door or a wall and I wonder what is this reality, why am I alive, and what is this all about?
She always speaks to him in a loud voice.
He was the type of guy who liked Christmas lights on his house in the middle of July.
The sight of his goatee made me want to run and hide under my sister-in-law's bed.
He was willing to find the depths of the rabbit hole in order to be with her.
One small action would change her life, but whether it would be for better or for worse was yet to be determined.
Mom didn’t understand why no one else wanted a hot tub full of jello.
Abstraction is often one floor above you.
As he waited for the shower to warm, he noticed that he could hear water change temperature.
The busker hoped that the people passing by would throw money, but they threw tomatoes instead, so he exchanged his hat for a juicer.
Of course, she loves her pink bunny slippers.
The father died during childbirth.
I am counting my calories, yet I really want dessert.
As the asteroid hurtled toward earth, Becky was upset her dentist appointment had been canceled.
He found rain fascinating yet unpleasant.
It's never comforting to know that your fate depends on something as unpredictable as the popping of corn.
The most exciting eureka moment I've had was when I realized that the instructions on food packets were just guidelines.
The fish listened intently to what the frogs had to say.
The knives were out and she was sharpening hers.
He went on a whiskey diet and immediately lost three days.
Did you ever have a huge rival? Was the rivalry friendly or fierce?
Who is someone you recently thought about that you haven't seen or talked to in years?
What is something you feel is unacceptable that is still being done today?
If each person had a warning label, what would yours say?
What recent experience made you feel old?
What's the best trick someone has ever played on you?
On any given day, what do you think you spend the most time doing?
What uncommon thing would you like to see become more common?
What is the most selfish thing you do that you're okay with?
When you're by yourself, what do you usually think about?
What's the story about the last time you cried?
What's the way you find yourself procrastinating most?
What is your opinion on social media?
What uncommon thing would you encourage everyone to try once?
What's your favorite room in your house and why?
What's your current Golden Rule when it comes to living life?
If you knew you could live forever, how would you spend your days differently?
Is there any place that you have no desire to visit? Why?
What have you been thinking about lately that has kept you up at night?
Do you enjoy people watching?
What do you consider the most difficult food to eat?
What's something that you think you may have been the only person in the world to ever do?
Why?
What's your story about being under intense pressure and how did you handle it?
Do you think you're more like your mom or your dad?
What have you recently felt grateful for?
What's something you find attractive that others may not?
What are the top three characteristics you feel are important for a person?
Do you think you were ever part of the popular crowd?
How difficult is it for you to try new things?
What were you most afraid of when you were younger? Do you still have that fear?
What topic can you bring up at a family gathering to instantly get everyone riled up?
How many chances do you give a person before you write them off?
What types of things do you procrastinate the most on?
If you were going to start your own business, what would it be?
What have you recently found to be ironic?
If you could change the length of each day to make it perfect for you, how many hours would it be?
What is the funniest false thing you were able to convince others that's true?
If it was possible to transplant your brain to stay alive for another 100 years, would you?
What did you recently learn the hard way?
What's the most difficult thing about being you?
How do you best like your ice-cream?
Do you have a reoccurring dream?
What animal do you think best reflects your personality?
Do you have any memories before the age of five?
What do you consider the best decision you've made thus far in your life?
What's the one thing that you seem to constantly lose?
What would you be really good at if it wasn't for one thing?
What about you do you seem to get the most comments about?
Does your family have any weird traditions?
What's your favorite form of entertainment?
What do you find you recently spend a lot of time wondering about?
If you could play a prank on any historical figure, who would you pick and what prank would you do?
What is the best random act of kindness you've ever witnessed?
What would you do if you saw a giraffe on the side of the road?
What's your story about being under intense pressure and how did you handle it?
Do you have a favorite brand?
What does it mean to "live a good life" in your opinion?
What's something that is common today that humans will be embarrassed about doing in 50 years?
What's something that you find difficult, but you think in your mind it should be easy?
What's your good luck charm?
What have you done that you didn't like, but would you be willing to give it another shot?
What have you recently found to be ironic?
What is something you feel is unacceptable that is still being done today?
What's something that you believe that most other people don't?
What's something that really happened to you but nobody would believe unless they were there?
What is the most recent life lesson you've learned?
Is it better to read books in electronic form or actually hold the book?
What is the most selfish thing you do that you're okay with?
What sound will instantly melt your heart?
What is something that will instantly annoy you?
What is your favorite spice?
Are there any words that you simply can't stand?
What have you found more helpful than you ever imagined it could be?
What is the assumption that people make about you that's totally wrong?
What is the next thing you have on your to-buy list?
What do you consider to be the smartest thing you've ever done in your life so far?
Can you describe your personal style?
Do you have something special that picks you up when you feel down? What is it?
What do you find extremely difficult that most people find simple?
Do you have a secret place?
What's your favorite room in your house and why?
What's the last thing that you broke and how did it happen?
What do you love most about where you grew up?
What doesn't exist, but should?
What is the most recent silly thing you did?
What's something that you use regularly that you wish you didn't have to?
If everyone here was a color, what color would each person be?
What mode of transportation have you never tried?
Do you have any secret hobbies?
What's your story about breaking the law?
What were you most afraid of when you were younger? Do you still have that fear?
What was the last dream you can remember about?
What bad decision did you make that actually turned out to be a good decision?
What do you like best about yourself?
Do you name inanimate objects?
How long do you think you could survive on your own?
What are you currently juggling in your life?
What's the embarrassing story that your parents used to tell others about you?
Do you have a dream job in mind? What would it be?
They called out her name time and again, but were met with nothing but silence.
The llama couldn't resist trying the lemonade.
There were three sphered rocks congregating in a cubed room.
The rain pelted the windshield as the darkness engulfed us.
Poison ivy grew through the fence they said was impenetrable.
I became paranoid that the school of jellyfish was spying on me.
It must be easy to commit crimes as a snake because you don't have to worry about leaving fingerprints.
The blue parrot drove by the hitchhiking mongoose.
Lightning Paradise was the local hangout joint where the group usually ended up spending the night.
After coating myself in vegetable oil I found my success rate skyrocketed.
Separation anxiety is what happens when you can't find your phone.
I honestly find her about as intimidating as a basket of kittens.
She was sad to hear that fireflies are facing extinction due to artificial light, habitat loss, and pesticides.
Please put on these earmuffs because I can't you hear.
He knew it was going to be a bad day when he saw mountain lions roaming the streets.
He stepped gingerly onto the bridge knowing that enchantment awaited on the other side.
Most shark attacks occur about 10 feet from the beach since that's where the people are.
The fox in the tophat whispered into the ear of the rabbit.
Peter found road kill an excellent way to save money on dinner.
He picked up trash in his spare time to dump in his neighbor's yard.
I'd always thought lightning was something only I could see.
The heat
After exploring the abandoned building, he started to believe in ghosts.
The fence was confused about whether it was supposed to keep things in or keep things out.
Jason lived his life by the motto, "Anything worth doing is worth doing poorly.
The blinking lights of the antenna tower came into focus just as I heard a loud snap.
Cursive writing is the best way to build a race track.
My Mum tries to be cool by saying that she likes all the same things that I do.
She opened up her third bottle of wine of the night.
She advised him to come back at once.
I'll have you know I've written over fifty novels
He strives to keep the best lawn in the neighborhood.
Red is greener than purple, for sure.
The estate agent quickly marked out his territory on the dance floor.
Joyce enjoyed eating pancakes with ketchup.
Having no hair made him look even hairier.
I purchased a baby clown from the Russian terrorist black market.
He used to get confused between soldiers and shoulders, but as a military man, he now soldiers responsibility.
I love bacon, beer, birds, and baboons.
Sometimes it is better to just walk away from things and go back to them later when you’re in a better frame of mind.
On a scale from one to ten, what's your favorite flavor of random grammar?
The tears of a clown make my lipstick run, but my shower cap is still intact.
He found his art never progressed when he literally used his sweat and tears.
It must be five o'clock somewhere.
It took him a while to realize that everything he decided not to change, he was actually choosing.
I like to leave work after my eight-hour tea-break.
The manager of the fruit stand always sat and only sold vegetables.
The sun had set and so had his dreams.
She says she has the ability to hear the soundtrack of your life.
Excitement replaced fear until the final moment.
The cat counted 5 pencils #.
She bought apples for $10!
We emailed our teacher @school today.
The dog collected 3 bones #?
You earned a 95% score on the quiz!
My friend found 7 coins $.
He sent a message to Anna @home.
They shared 8 toys & smiled together.
The cat drew 5 stars # on the wall.
She sold 6 balloons for $3 each.
We got 100% on our typing test!
He wrote 4 cookie recipes @blog.
I counted 7 books # for the class.
The dog saved 2 frogs & 1 turtle.
You donated $5 to the shelter.
Our teacher marked 10 papers # today.
She read an email from Ben @office.
They received 85% in science.
The cat painted 4 cookies & a star.
He lost 3 pencils # in his bag.
We paid $12 for 6 notebooks.
You reached 90% accuracy!
The dog jumped over 5 boxes #.
She mailed letters to friends @gmail.
They earned $20 from chores!
I listed 9 toys & 3 books.
Our teacher graded 8 tests # yesterday.
He drew 10 stars % for decoration.
The cat baked cookies for $5.
You achieved 100% completion!
We shared 6 apples & 2 oranges.
My friend texted me @noon.
The dog has 3 collars #.
She counted 11 cars & 7 bikes.
They collected $15 for charity.
I have 5 stickers # left.
The cat jumped over 9 frogs & laughed!
You sent photos to Tom @work.
He reached 80% of his reading goal.
She saved $25 in her wallet.
We wrote 10 essays # in total.
The dog helped 3 cats & 1 bird.
My friend earned 75% on the exam.
I bought pencils for $2 @store.
They finished 12 lessons #!
The cat counted 8 toys & shared them.
You typed with 98% accuracy!
He found 6 keys $ under the table.
We mailed our project @school.
She donated $50 & smiled proudly!
Liam counted 6 pencils before class.
Emma earned 92% on her spelling test!
We bought sandwiches for $8.
Noah shared apples & oranges with Mia.
The teacher found 5 notebooks under the desk.
Sophie sold cookies for $2 each.
Caleb finished 100% of his worksheet!
Ava picked flowers & smiled.
Mason paid $15 for his new book.
Ella counted 9 balloons at the fair.
Lucas gave 10% of his coins to charity.
Grace baked muffins & cupcakes.
They collected $20 from the fundraiser.
Isla painted 5 stars on her wall.
James read 80% of his novel.
Chloe earned $12 helping her mom.
We saw 7 ducks & 2 frogs at the pond!
Daniel wrote 3 poems yesterday.
Hannah saved $10 in her piggy bank.
You scored 100% on the game!
Oliver cleaned 6 chairs & 1 table.
Leah counted 4 cookies carefully.
He found $25 under the couch.
Amelia shared songs & stories.
The dog carried 8 toys proudly.
Harper earned 90% on her quiz.
Ethan spent $5 on candy.
Sienna collected seashells & pebbles.
Jack found 3 pencils near the bag.
We saved $30 this weekend!
Lily wrote 10 sentences & one story.
Henry bought 2 books for $7.
They finished 85% of their project.
Sofia drew 5 stars on paper.
He earned $14 washing cars.
Olivia made cakes & brownies.
Benjamin scored 95% accuracy!
The cat carried 6 toys & 3 balls.
Zoe found 4 pencils hidden under the chair.
They saved $18 for snacks.
Alexander achieved 100% completion!
Maya counted 9 frogs & 1 turtle.
We donated $10 & shared bread.
Eli finished 6 pages in his notebook.
The teacher gave 80% credit for effort.
Aria sold lemonade for $5.
You cleaned desks & shelves.
Nathan read 3 stories to his sister.
Ava spent $12 on ribbons.
They reached 100% typing speed!
Isaac marked 5 answers & checked again.
Chloe has 6 balloons at home.
We baked cookies for $4.
Liam saved $9 from lunch money.
Ella finished 90% of her tasks!
The dog fetched 2 balls & 1 stick.
You gave $3 to the boy.
Sophie found 10 pencils under her chair.
We paid $15 for ice cream.
Mason built bridges & towers.
He got 75% on his test.
Olivia counted 8 stars on the ceiling.
Noah bought chips for $2.
Luna cleaned 5 windows & smiled!
James reached 88% of his goal.
They earned $17 in one day.
Isla finished 7 questions quickly.
The teacher added 10% extra credit.
Aiden painted 4 cats & 2 dogs.
We donated $5 to the team.
Grace counted 9 pencils on the shelf.
Ethan achieved 100% accuracy!
Mia packed apples & grapes.
She bought stickers for $6.
The dog found 3 bones outside.
We read 5 pages & 2 notes.
Lily earned 80% on her exam.
He saved $11 for a gift.
Emma listed 10 frogs by color.
Caleb paid $20 for lunch!
They baked pies & shared smiles.
Sofia collected 6 pencils and 2 erasers.
We raised $25 for charity.
Amelia typed with 100% accuracy!
He fixed 4 cars & washed two.
Leah bought markers for $9.
We finished 95% of our work!
Oliver read 8 pages from the storybook.
She saved $10 to buy candy.
The teacher checked books & papers.
Eli saw 7 ducks & 3 geese!
Chloe made $12 from her art.
The cat jumped over 9 frogs.
You scored 85% on your report.
Noah cleaned 6 desks & 2 boards.
They earned $22 this week.
Liam counted 10 stars shining above.
We spent $30 on snacks!
Sophia shared kindness & laughter.
Mason finished 100% of his training.
The dog brought 5 sticks proudly.
He donated $40 to help others.
Ava reached 90% of her reading goal!
The team collected 7 badges & medals.
She sold lemonade for $3 a cup.
Ethan fixed 8 pencils on the desk.
We earned $15 for completing chores!